feat: auto-redirect to SSO provider when expired remote session detected (DET-10392) (#9613)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/sso-auto-redirect.rst

:orphan:

** New Features**

-  Master Configuration: Add `always_redirect` option in OIDC and SAML configurations. When enabled, this option

>       bypasses the standard Determined login screen and directly routes users to the configured SSO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bypasses the standard Determined sign-in page and routes users directly to the configured SSO
```

      provider. This redirection persists unless the user explicitly signs out within the WebUI.

**Improvements**

> -  WebUI: Redirect SSO users to SSO provider authentication URIs when the provided session token is expired,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebUI: Redirect SSO users to the SSO provider's authentication URIs when their session token has expired,
- ```

>       rather than showing the determined Sign-In page.

Reviewer: :orphan:

** New Features**

-  Master Configuration: Add an ``always_redirect`` option to OIDC and SAML configurations. When enabled, this option
      bypasses the standard Determined sign-in screen and directly routes users directly to the configured SSO
      provider. This redirection remains active unless the user explicitly signs out within the WebUI.

**Improvements**

-  WebUI: Redirect SSO users to the SSO provider's authentication URIs when their session token has expired, instead of displaying the Determined sign-In page.

:orphan:

** New Features**

- Master Configuration: Add an ``always_redirect`` option to OIDC and SAML configurations. When enabled, this option

> - ```

Reviewer: remove the ```

Author: Adjusted! It looks like this got added in from github automation for the earlier suggestions that I hadn't caught

      bypasses the standard Determined sign-in page and routes users directly to the configured SSO
      provider. This redirection persists unless the user explicitly signs out within the WebUI.

**Improvements**

- WebUI: Redirect SSO users to the SSO provider's authentication URIs when their session token has expired,

> - ```

Reviewer: remove the ```

Author: Adjusted! It looks like this got added in from github automation from the earlier suggestions that I hadn't caught
